feat: manufacturing documentation for v13 (#74)
frappe/erpnext_documentation: erpnext_documentation/www/docs/user/manual/en/manufacturing/reports/quality-inspction-summary.md

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Quality Inspction Summary

To access the Quality Inspction Summary, go to:

> Home > Manufacturing > Reports > Quality Inspction Summary

<img class="screenshot" alt="Task" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/manufacturing/quality-inspection-summary.png">

> This report will give information about the Quality Inspection as well as the status of the Quality Inspection like Accepted / Rejected Quality Inspection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This report will give information about the Quality Inspections as well as the status of the Quality Inspections like Accepted or Rejected.
```
